{\rtf1\ansi\deff0 {\fonttbl {\f0 Times New Roman;} {\f1 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;\red44\green90\blue160;\red0\green0\blue0;\red102\green102\blue102;}

\f1\fs28\cf1\b Saad Hasan\b0\par
\fs20\cf2 Oststra\'dfe 17, 09212 Limbach-Oberfrohna, Germany\par
Email: saadhasan07@gmail.com | Phone: +4917622359115\par
GitHub: github.com/saadhasan07 | XING: https://www.xing.com/profile/Saad_Hasan2/\par

\par\fs24\cf1\b About Me\b0\par
\fs20\cf2 AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner and DevOps professional with comprehensive training in cloud computing, containerization, and CI/CD pipelines. Completed Expert-level Cloud and Web Development certification from Techstarter GmbH (600+ hours). Specialized in Docker, Kubernetes, Terraform, Jenkins, GitHub Actions, and infrastructure automation. Experienced in Python, JavaScript, React, Node.js, and database management with strong foundation in Linux, networking, and cybersecurity.\par

\par\fs24\cf1\b Skills\b0\par
\fs20\cf2 \'95 DevOps Practices | CI/CD Pipelines | Automation Scripting\par
\'95 AWS Cloud Fundamentals | Cloud Computing Concepts\par
\'95 Python Development | JavaScript & TypeScript | Full-Stack Web Development\par
\'95 Git & GitHub | Web Technologies (HTML, CSS)\par
\'95 Infrastructure Monitoring Concepts | Agile and Scrum Methodologies\par
\'95 Problem Solving & Debugging\par

\par\fs24\cf1\b DevOps and Automation Projects\b0\par
\fs20\cf2 Designed and developed technical projects demonstrating expertise in CI/CD, automation scripting, full-stack development, and professional documentation.\par

\par\fs22\cf1\b Key Projects\b0\par
\fs20\cf2 \'95 \b CI/CD Pipeline Monitor (TypeScript)\b0\par
    Full-stack app to monitor CI/CD pipeline builds and deployments in real time.\par
    GitHub: https://github.com/saadhasan07/CICD_Pipeline_Monitor\par

\'95 \b Total Battle Scanner (Python)\b0\par
    Automation tool to scan in-game resources with customizable filters and thresholds.\par
    GitHub: https://github.com/saadhasan07/total-battle-scanner\par

\'95 \b Gaming Profile App (JavaScript)\b0\par
    Responsive web app for managing and showcasing dynamic gaming profiles.\par
    GitHub: https://github.com/saadhasan07/Gaming-Profile-App\par

\'95 \b Resume and Portfolio (LaTeX)\b0\par
    Professional CV and portfolio template optimized for technical job applications.\par
    GitHub: https://github.com/saadhasan07/Resume-and-Porfolio\par

\par\fs24\cf1\b Professional Experience\b0\par
\fs20\cf2 \b DevOps and Cloud Computing Training\b0\par
\cf3\i September 2023 \'96 November 2024 | Techstarter GmbH M\'fcnchen\i0\par
\cf2 Successfully completed comprehensive DevOps and Cloud Computing training program. Gained hands-on experience with CI/CD pipelines, containerization, cloud infrastructure, and automation scripting. Achieved certification in AWS Cloud Practitioner and Scrum Fundamentals during the program.\par

\par\fs24\cf1\b Education\b0\par
\fs20\cf2 \b Bachelor of Commerce (B.Com), GPA 1.7\b0\par
\cf3\i March 2012 \'96 July 2014 | Dhadabhoy University, Karachi (Pakistan)\i0\par
\cf2 Specialization: Management and Economics, Logistics\par

\par\fs24\cf1\b Certifications\b0\par
\fs20\cf2 \'95 AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner (Passed)\par
\'95 Scrum Fundamentals Certified (SFC) (Passed)\par
\'95 Techstarter GmbH \'96 DevOps and Cloud Computing Training (Completed November 2024)\par

\par\fs24\cf1\b Languages\b0\par
\fs20\cf2 \'95 English (Fluent)\par
\'95 Urdu (Native)\par
\'95 German (B1 Certified, Intermediate)\par
}